---
layout: ../../layouts/BaseLayout.astro
type: "projects"
title: "Justin Bento Portfolio"
pubDate: 2025-05-13
description: "Showcasing My Journey From Multimedia Designer to a full time Software Developer."
author: "Justin Bento"
image:
  url: "/image/gratisograph-mars-robot.jpg"
  alt: "An image of a robot stairng into space"
tags: ["astro", "blogging", "learning in public"]
technologies: ["Figma", "CSS", "JavaScript"]
---

## Step 1: Define

After looking for a software developer job for 6-months, I have come to the conclusion that my personal branding was  doing more harm than good. There are three main reasons as to why this is the case:

1. **My first high-priority reason** - My personal branding was giving mixed signals, and communication often got lost in translation. It never effectivly commonucated the 5'ws in the ladning page alone.

2. **My second high-priority issue** Content sprawl across underdeveloped pages weakened my narrative focus - a landing page with strategic depth would better serve time-pressed reviewers.

3. **My third high-priority issue** was complexity. Everything was too abstract, which caused me to lose focus on something that's supposed to be inherently simple.

Other important but not highstake that I felt like mentioning include:

- Lack of visual direction and flair. My minimalist execution failed to demonstrate my visual problem-solving skills. People where bored and moved away from the topic quickly but I eventually got the hint.

- Prioritized trendiness over usefulness in my portfolio.

- I completely forgot that the goal of a designer and developer portfolio is to provide evidence and examples of your accomplishments, skills, and abilities. Which Version 2 didn't do.

## Step 3: Analysing & Planning

## Step 4: Design

## Step 5: Prototyping

## Step 6: Testing

## Step 7: Launch

## Step 8: Iteration

## Final Thoughts
